Yes, Lin Wenli is an incompetent coward
Shame on you.
wonderful
Isn't that wonderful?
If I hadn't had time
I really don't know my niece and coach Liu Da
Is this kind of person
Yes!
What are you talking about?
Wen Li is not a basketball at all
He just donated your blood
fainted
Still asleep in another ward
Dear Liu Longtao
Why are you lying to me, mom?
It's all because of Lin Wenli
It caused you such a big thing
Hey, enough of you, Mom Jianan
Your mother and I have something else to discuss
You two go out first
sister
Can you see who hit you?
The street lamp is too dim to see clearly
After I was hit by that guy, I fainted
Then you think he came for Wen Li
Still coming for you
I don't know.
Maybe it's for the two of us
Then let's ask what school your brother-in-law is at now
He is O-shaped
Are you sure?
Oops, I'm sure he's blood type O like me
And I was right.
Oh, what are you going to say?
You say scum is type a blood
I just asked the doctor.
If both husband and wife have blood type O
The child can only have blood type O
Pardon me?
What do you mean?
Scum is not your child at all